HTTP Referer header - note that refresh navigations can cause it to be sent (#38190)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/refresh/index.md

> [!NOTE]
> Even though it's present in the HTTP response, the `Refresh` header is still handled by the HTML loading machinery and happens after HTTP or JavaScript redirects. See [redirection order of precedence](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Redirections#order_of_precedence) for more information.

> [!NOTE]

> > Following a refresh to a new page, the {{httpheader("Referer")}} header should be included in the subsequent request for the page (if permitted by the {{httpheader("Referrer-Policy")}}), and {{domxref("document.referrer")}} should be set to the referrer URL after navigating.
> > See [browser compatibility](#browser_compatibility) for more information.

Reviewer: Minor wording update to mention redirects, maybe that's a little clearer? Also I'm not sure about "should be" wording, it might be nice to say "this is what happens" for standard / expected behavior and then say "these are the wobbly parts" or pitfalls in the browser compat sentence, what do you reckon?

```suggestion
> When a refresh redirects to a new page, the {{httpheader("Referer")}} header is included in the request for the new page (if permitted by the {{httpheader("Referrer-Policy")}}), and {{domxref("document.referrer")}} is set to the referrer URL after navigating.
> Browser implementation of this behavior varies, so check [browser compatibility](#browser_compatibility) for more information.
```

Author: Yes to the first part. 
I've removed the browser compat bit from your note (and will merge). Following this change there is no longer a wobbly bit - so would have been good to keep something here if the bug fix that caused these changes hadn't gone in.
